# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

## Unreleased

### Changed

* The project `.gitignore` now contains the name of the Kubernetes manifest generated by running the README described process to deploy the adapter.

### Fixed

* The default tracing rule error for the incorrect parsed type in the rule expression is resolved. [#14](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-istio-adapter/issues/14)

## 2.0.1

### Added

*   Added GID and UID 2000 to Dockerfile. The `newrelic-istio-adapter` container now runs as non-root user. 

### Update

*  Helm chart tracks a release tag instead of `latest`. This prevents any breaking change from the master branch from breaking installs of the adapter.
*  Release version bump scripts keep the Docker image tag to install of the adapter to be current.

## 2.0.0

### Added

*   Travis CI configuration to validate and build this project.
*   A `--log-level` command flag to specify the user desired minimum logging level.
*   A `log` package to unify the adapter logging function.

### Changed

*   Switched to using the upstream [New Relic Go telemetry SDK](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-telemetry-sdk-go) instead of the internal `nrsdk` package.
*   Unified the adapter logging. Logs should now have a unified format and be configurable globaly to set the logging level.
*   The `metric.BuildHandler` and `trace.BuildHandler` functions no longer take an Istio adapter `Logger` interface as an argument.
*   The helm-charts now have a `logLevel` value to specify the adapter logging level during the deploy.

### Removed

*   The `--debug` command flag is now replaced by setting the `--log-level` flag to `debug`.

## 1.0.0

### Added

*   Initial `newrelic-istio-adapter` application code.
*   Documentation, user guides, and project metadata.
*   Build configuration files.
